Dear Frank and Trudy. 
I am letting you know I did receive this information.
Also I wanted you to know that I believe this was an answer to my prayers.
On Sunday, I received some distressing news. I tried to call 2 of my friends to ask for their prayers. Neither answered their phones. Though I had been to church Saturday night as St Anne’s on Mackinac Island, I felt the need to go to St Albert the Great in Houghton for God’s peace. Here you were, Frank, asking for prayers via the living rosary. I hope that my prayers through this will help others and I feel confident that others will be praying for me.
Thank You!
I truly believe in the power of Prayer.
Sincerely,
Susan Peterson
Houghton, MI

* Bob 
* 
* Nov 14, 2014
To
* ourladyslivingrosary@yahoo.com 

Good Morning Frank and Trudy,

I saw your presentation in LaCrosse a few weeks ago and signed up. I am very happy with the Living Rosary, it fits me perfectly. 
Your presentation was moving and touched me. The history as to it's inception was so interesting. 
I was wondering if first you are looking for more parishes to participate, and second if you have your presentation printed or videoed? We have an upcoming meeting at our church ( St. Jerome Oconomowoc) looking for new ideas, if possible I would like to bring up the program. Please let me know.
Bob Newburg



Subject: Joining the Living Rosary

Dear Frank and Trudy,
Greetings! I hope you are both doing well up in your beautiful winter wonderland up there. :) You may not remember me but my name is Elizabeth Scheuers, who you stopped after the First Friday Mass this month to ask if I would join you in a communion of prayer. I would like to graciously accept your offer to become another member of the living rosary and partake in all the graces it contains. Thank you once again for stopping me that day, The Holy Spirit works wonders when we let Him! 

Please email any materials I need to make this apart of each day from here on out. Thanks again, take care both of you. 
God Bless,
Elizabeth Scheuer

* Jan 16
To
* Frank Bonack 
 
Dear Trudy and Frank,
Thank you for all of the information and blessings, you are such a heartfelt couple. :) I am certainly ready to be a part of this Living Rosary prayer family, the more we become one united body of Christ, the more powerful our prayer intentions become! Great news! 

God Bless and take care,
Elizabeth Scheuers

Hello Frank and Trudy
I just watched your beautiful video on you tube. I cried. I can't believe how this devotion is changing my heart. I have been a member since November and I love this. Each day, I live with a mystery. I think about it when I drive, when I wash dishes, when I do laundry...it is incredible.
Thank you and I will continue let others know about this. 
I want to know if I can do anything to help you both. Please let me know.
Sincerely,
Mary Ann F. Pat
To
* ourladyslivingrosary@yahoo.com 

A Blessed Easter to you, Frank and Trudy.
You recruited me after one of our Roses for Our Lady prayer afternoons
at St. Francis Seminary in Milwaukee in July of 2013 and I have been joyfully saying my decades ever since.
Thank you for enriching my prayer life.
Pray, hope and don't worry
Peace, joy and love
Kathy Hotz

Jul 9 at 9:55 AM  
Frank & Trudy bonack 

I began participating in the Living Rosary about 18 months ago and have found it to be an amazing devotion. I usually start off the month meditating on a mystery as an event 2000 years ago. By the end of the month, that mystery has become a challenge/encouragement for me in my life right here and now. For example -- during the month of the Baptism of Our Lord, I started thinking about Jesus in the Jordan back in the day. During the month, I became more aware of the circumstances surrounding that event and God's voice booming that this was His Son in whom He was well pleased. That took me to thinking about my own Baptism and that God probably said, at that event, "This is my wonderful daughter and I am so proud of her." So would He still be saying that? What do I need to do in my life to make Him proud of me again? He's given me everything I need --the Mass, Scripture, the Sacraments, graces, the traditions/teachings of the Church -- absolutely
EVERYTHING. It is up to me to use those gifts to be the daughter I ought to be.

So that is what this devotion has done for me. And really, almost every single month I move through a meditative process that takes me from long ago and far away to someone else, to my life now. I love it.

Pam Cira, member
St. Kunegunda of Poland parish
Sugar Camp WI


 I will be back to my first mystery (the Annunciation -- which was amazing for me) in a couple of months and am eager to see where it takes me this time.


From our YouTube Video Comments 2016
Marianne McGuire1 year ago
Thank you for this powerful and "doable" opportunity for prayer, and receiving the benefits of all prayers spoken by other participants. I encourage all those who watch this video to sign up for this gift of grace through the prayer of the rosary. 



November 11, 2015

Dear Friends of the Living Rosary,

I just wanted to express my sincere thanks for sending me the information to pray the Living Rosary. It is SO POWERFUL!!!  I feel a change in the sincerity of my prayers. I want to spread this beautiful devotion. I’m in the Blue Army and love it, but sometimes we need a “JOLT”, like the one you gave us at Holy Name Catholic Church in Chicago. When you spoke it was like a magnet, so clear and true. I thought we connected with St. Pope John Paul II’s Spirit. It was the Holy Spirit at work.  May God Bless You Both !!!

Mary Ann Pater
3418 Wesley Ave.
Berwyn, IL  60402-3605




In San Diego, CA  May 3rd 2015,  at the 9 a.m. Mass the Living Rosary presentation was given. Before Fr. Louie’s final blessing he said, “ I have an announcement. Yesterday I was hearing confessions and a woman came in and said she hadn’t been to Confession and the Church in 32 years. “ Fr. told her she didn’t look old enough to have been away that long. Fr. then said,  “ If you don’t mind me asking, what brought you back to the Confessional and the Church? “.  The woman said, “ I recently signed up for the Living Rosary and am praying it daily.”





Hi again Frank and Trudy, 
Received your third Email YouTube links to Fr. Calloway and you both.  Well, let me say that your introduction to the Living Rosary ministry is so well done, that you're guaranteed a spot at the OSCARS next year. Kidding of course.  It is exceptionally well made and both of you looked very professional.  Even the background art and music were an extraordinary addition to the presentation.  Very simple, exact, and concise.  If GOD had any intentions to end the misery in this world, HE has postponed it because of your explanation, enthusiasm, and dedication to the Living Rosary and the honor it pays His Blessed Mother.  God bless and continue to love and protect you and your family.  Charles and Anita

